#summary Tutorial on how to set up SVN client to upload projects.

= What you need =

Eclipse, access to eclipse labs group, and SVN plug-in for eclipse. The links are tutorials on how to do it. If you get stuck send carlospadillanv@gmail an email.


===Step 1: Install SVN Plug-in to Eclipse===
  # In Eclipse go to *Help->Install New Software*
  # In the *Work with* field put this URL in
      _http://subclipse.tigris.org/update_1.0.x_
  # Click *Add* and name it _SVN_
  # Check the box I believe is called _Subversion Client_
  # Hit *Next* and continue through the windows until it is installed
  # Restart your Browser once it's done.

===Step 2: Set up Connection to Eclipse Labs Group=== 
  # In Eclipse go to *Window->Open Perspective->Other*
  # Select *SVN Repository Exploring*
  # In this new perspective right click the SVN Repositories tab and select *New->Repository Location*
  # Add this URL
       _https://svn.codespot.com/a/eclipselabs.org/cpp-scheduler/trunk/_
  # Click *Finish* and any projects in the repository should appear

===Step 3: Check in/Upload project to SVN server (Eclipse Labs)===
  # Right click the project you wish to upload to the server 
  # Select *Team->Share Project*
  # Select the *SVN*
  # Click *Next*
  # Select the repository you just added and continue through the windows until you have uploaded.
  # Select all files you wish to upload.
  # Along the way you will be prompted for username and password
      * *Username* is your email
      * *Password* found by clicking *_googlecode.com password_* in the *Source Tab* of Eclipse labs.
          _http://code.google.com/a/eclipselabs.org/p/cpp-scheduler/source/checkout_

===Step 4: Future Use===
  # To upload updated code to an already shared project
     * *Team->Commit*
  # To download code from SVN server
     * In SVN Perspective right click project 
     * *Check out*


=  Links =

*Best tutorial, use this first. Use others if you aren't sure what's going on in the video*
  * http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwGJZcCj1Yo

*Tutorial on overall process, however this example is specifically for google groups*
  * http://blog.msbbc.co.uk/2007/06/using-googles-free-svn-repository-with.html

*Tutorial on how to set up svn on eclipse*
  * http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/opensource/library/os-ecl-subversion/

= Alternatives =

You can use another SVN client but I think it's more convenient having the eclipse plug-in. 